#Respect

Respect does not come from power.
Respect does not come from designation, nomination or fear.
You cannot force people to like you, let alone to respect you.

Respect is something that grows organically. And it comes from your strength, decisions and carisma.

##Strength
Not physical strength obviously. You will always feel the pressure more that anyone else in the room - except for the CEO. 
That pressure could contaminate your day and your mood.

When others feel you are under pressure they tend to judge you as touchy. 
If something like an abstract tought can let you down like that it's time to change something in your life.

Like a rock in a storm you must be. Just still.
Letting things slip over you. Let them in, and out.
Don't get things overwhelm you or they'll notice it.

##Decisions
Of course the decisions you make are critical. Of course a wrong decision is seen as your failure such as a good one is seen like... a good one.

It's not only the result of a decision that counts. What's most important is how you gonna make it.

Don't let personal things come into field. Things like, willing to do something cool or choosing something that is funny and you have always wanted to do.

Take time for your decisions so you don't make silly ones. People will appreciate that. And regardless for the result of that decision, you did it the right way.

##Carisma
Oh, dear. This is something I am not gonna learn :D

Carisma is when people feel you care about them. They know you take a piece of your inestimable time and dedicate it to them, fully.

Well, of course there are many types of carisma. If you have one use it.

Carisma, people can feel it in the air.

##Finally
These three ingredients are - for personal experience - a must for being respected in a team.

You will come to discover more and more by the time goes by.

At the end, I'll leave you with this. **Knowing yoursef is the thing that counts most**.

Understanding the mechanism settled behind the walls of your little mind is crucial.

Before others respect you it'll need you to respect yourself. 

Be careful.